Maria/scheduler docs (#680)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/scheduler/header/visual-structure.md

---
title: Header Visual Structure
page_title: .NET MAUI Scheduler Header Documentation - Header Visual Structure
description: Learn what visual elements are displayed in the Header of the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Scheduler , and see how these elements build the visual structure of header.
position: 1
slug: header-visual-structure
---

# .NET MAUI Scheduler Header Visual Structure

>  Scheduler for .NET MAUI provides a header which can be used to quickly switch between the available views as well as navigate to a different date. In additon, the header includes an optional Today button for navigating directly to Today date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scheduler for .NET MAUI provides a header that can be used to quickly switch between the available views as well as navigate to a different date. In addition, the header includes an optional **Today** button for navigating directly to today's date.
```

The following image shows the anatomy of the Scheduler Header.

![Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Scheduler Header Visual Structure](images/)

## Displayed Elements

> 

Reviewer: missing
